Test Scenario #2: Utility Payments App According to the given Test scenario, the mobile
application service provider company XYZ is looking to
expand its functionalities to more popular domains of banking and transactions, travel booking, 
etc. We want to make sure that the mobile app works flawlessly on both Android and iOS platforms 
before its launched into the market (Regression Testing).
Since the process of monetary transaction is at the heart of this app, our choices for test cases 
will also revolve around the same.
Testing Strategy
Testing mindset:  Evaluation Model is used since we need to detect faults in the system and resolve 
them before release.
Test Types: Functional Testing is chosen since proper execution of transactions is a major 
functionality  and we are more obsessed with the performance rather than the code-details.
Test Environment:  Android (API level >= 24) and iOS (>=10.3) operating systems.



Automation Strategy: To save time on repetitive manual testing and to make sure that the new app 
doesn't perform worse than is predecessors, we will automate testing some most vital test cases 
that need to be passed at all costs for the app to create a benchmark in its version history.
Examples of test cases that will be automated:
a. Checking for a strong internet connectivity, GPS connectivity, as well as other optional 
requirements (like Bluetooth connectivity) before initiating a transaction
b. Quick response time observed in all parts of the application
c. Ensuring that the app never crashes and shuts down gracefully in case of any unhandled extreme 
situation (such as an internet outage, force stopping the app, etc.)
Risk Identification and Contingency planning:
With advancing technology and newer versions of operating systems developed every day, we cannot 
overlook the possibility of enforcing stricter  requirements  for online transaction software 
(mandatory checking for the network sanity, firewall, etc. for



enhanced transaction security) and hence planning for introducing the apt test cases in the test 
suit in near future should be done.
Process Improvement Suggested:
Since we are looking to introduce new functionalities like banking and travel booking, the 
transaction time should be looked to be minimized as much as possible while also maintaining its 
reliability to meet user satisfaction and to provide stiff competition in the growing market.
Also, the completion of KYC (Know You Customer) procedure could be made mandatory for increased 
reliability and curbing frauds.


Test Cases: 1)Test case 1:
Test case ID: UT01
Title: Quick status update in UI post transaction. Description:  After a successful (or a failed) 
transaction, the status should be reflected within 3 seconds after completing the transaction on 
the app UI.



Prerequisites: The transaction has been initiated successfully, the sender and the recipient's 
details have been verified.
Assumptions:  The app is already installed on a supported OS (Android or iOS) and the device is 
connected to a stable network.
Test Steps:
a. Fetch information regarding the receiver, the card number and CVV.
b. Validate the above information.
c. Ensure the internet connectivity  is present, along
with location (GPS).
d. Execute the transaction.
Expected Results: A page announcing the completion of a successful transaction along with the 
amount deducted from the sender's account is displayed on the screen within 3 seconds.


2)Test case 2:
Test case ID: NOKYC01
Title: Reject Transaction  in case of No KYC Description: If the sender has not completed his/her 
KYC registration and attempts to initiate a



transaction, it should be rejected with a prompt to complete the KYC registration.
Prerequisites: The user has already registered on the
app with basic details like name, address, etc. Assumptions: The app is already installed on a 
supported OS (Android or iOS) and the device is connected to a stable network.
Test Steps:
a. Login/Register as a user and ignore the KYC procedure.
b. Click on the “New Payment” option.
Expected Results: A page displaying an error message saying that the user hasn't completed the KYC 
procedure must appear immediately.


Test Measures and Metrics:
1. Touch-response time (in milliseconds).
2.  User ratings (out of 5).
